Skip to main content Open menu Close menu Tom's Hardware Tom's Hardware Search Search Tom's Hardware RSS UK Edition UK US Australia Canada Reviews Best Picks Raspberry Pi CPUs GPUs News Coupons More Newsletter PC Components SSDs Motherboards PC Building Monitors Laptops Desktops Cooling Cases RAM Power Supplies Peripherals Overclocking 3D Printers About Us Forums Trending Amazon Big Spring Sale Blackwell Where to Buy Ryzen 9 9950X3D Where to Buy RX 9070 RDNA 4 PC components GPUs Nvidia Breakfast Bytes are now available at Denny's if you want to experience the 'breakfast of geniuses' News By Mark Tyson published 29 March 2025 Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang’s 'favorite menu hack' is on the menu through May 13. Comments (3) When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works. (Image credit: Denny's) If you wish to try out the "breakfast of geniuses," the Nvidia Breakfast Bytes first seen at GTC 2025 are now available at Denny's restaurants. This is the first product of 2025 with the Nvidia name on it that is readily available, is purchasable at the expected price, and is affordable. However, this sub-$5 breakfast of 520 calories made up mostly of flour, processed meat, and sugars, is probably as bad for your health as an RTX 50 graphics card is for your bank balance. (Image credit: Denny's) Denny's says the Nvidia Breakfast Bytes are a limited edition menu item, available until May 13. It consists of four pork sausage links, four fluffy buttermilk silver dollar pancakes, and a ladle of maple syrup. In case you don't know what to do with this plateful of fast foodstuffs, Denny's shares bullet point instructions on "how to make the perfect byte" alongside a visual guide to folding the pancake around the sausage like a hot dog. (Wasn't this supposed to be the breakfast of geniuses?) Actually, those instructions seem to stray a little from Jensen's favorite way to eat, as according to his own lore he would wrap a sausage with a pancake and then dip it into syrup as he chomped from one end to another – which sounds much more finger friendly. (Image credit: Denny's) Jensen's full-stack moment "Denny's will always be a special place for me. It’s where I learned that no task was too small to do well," explained Jensen Huang about the special place the special place the restaurant has in his life and career.. "This dish powered me through my long shifts and eventually inspired the birth of Nvidia at a Denny’s booth right here in San Jose. Seeing it on the Denny’s menu today is a true full-stack moment!" We don't know why Denny's is removing the Nvidia Breakfast Bytes from the menu in mid-May. But, until that fateful date, Denny's customers will be able to order this menu item online for carry-out or delivery, all day, every day, including late night via Dennys.com and the iOS and Android apps. Denny's customers in San Jose will enjoy a more convenient Nvidia Breakfast Bytes experience, as participating restaurants in this area of California - Nvidia's home turf - will serve the dish for dine-in customers. After May 13 we guess you'll have to go back to 'menu hacking' to order up Jensen Huang's signature savory and sweet delicacy. Also, by that time, potential Nvidia graphics card customers will hopefully be having better luck securing their hardware at reasonable prices. Stay On the Cutting Edge: Get the Tom's Hardware Newsletter Get Tom's Hardware's best news and in-depth reviews, straight to your inbox. Contact me with news and offers from other Future brandsReceive email from us on behalf of our trusted partners or sponsors By submitting your information you agree to the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy and are aged 16 or over. See more GPUs News TOPICS Jensen Huang See all comments (3) Mark Tyson Social Links Navigation News Editor Mark Tyson is a news editor at Tom's Hardware. He enjoys covering the full breadth of PC tech; from business and semiconductor design to products approaching the edge of reason. Latest in GPUs Nvidia Breakfast Bytes are now available at Denny's if you want to experience the 'breakfast of geniuses' Zotac RTX 5090 GPUs with missing ROPs sold at premium price by German retailer $3,700 RTX 5090 GPUs have found new homes after sitting on US retailer's shelves Blower-style RTX 4090 48GB teardown reveals dual-sided memory configuration — PCB design echoes the RTX 3090 GPU scam resells RTX 3090 as a 4090 — complete with a fake 'AD102' label on a lapped GPU Thermal Grizzly's WireView Pro GPU power measuring utility gets a 90-degree adapter revision Latest in News Russia completes development of 30-year-old outdated lithography tool Intel and SK hynix close NAND business deal: Intel gets $1.9 billion, SK hynix gets IP and employees Nvidia Breakfast Bytes are now available at Denny's if you want to experience the 'breakfast of geniuses' Zotac RTX 5090 GPUs with missing ROPs sold at premium price by German retailer Taiwanese authorities accuse SMIC and allies of poaching engineers $3,700 RTX 5090 GPUs have found new homes after sitting on US retailer's shelves More about gpus Best Graphics Cards for Gaming in 2025 Zotac RTX 5090 GPUs with missing ROPs sold at premium price by German retailer Latest How to use the Warp AI-enabled terminal for Windows or Linux See more latest 3 Comments Comment from the forums Kentmos I got another menu: In stock RTX 5090 all You can eat (buy). Order now and get 50% discount! The meal contains: - A GPU that got all ROPs enabled! - Guaranteed Black Screen/Freeze free! experience! - A effortless PCI Gen 5 connection. - A premium 12V-2x6 connector in both ends that doesn't melt! Reply Neilbob Does it come with added tannin? Reply Zaranthos If it was a breakfast for geniuses it wouldn't be a high carbohydrate ultra-processed meal. Learn to protect and fuel your brain with ketones and maybe we'd have more geniuses, less chronic disease, and a birth rate in the developed world that can sustain humanity. Reply View All 3 Comments Most Popular Russia completes development of 30-year-old outdated lithography tool Zotac RTX 5090 GPUs with missing ROPs sold at premium price by German retailer Intel and SK hynix close NAND business deal: Intel gets $1.9 billion, SK hynix gets IP and employees Taiwanese authorities accuse SMIC and allies of poaching engineers Nvidia's 50-series laptop launch looks bumpy: slipping ship dates, game crashes, and delayed review units $3,700 RTX 5090 GPUs have found new homes after sitting on US retailer's shelves Intel's board gets industry-focused as three directors will not seek re-election — badly needed shift to deeper tech experience China's AI data center boom goes bust: Rush leaves billions of dollars in idle infrastructure TSMC to reportedly speed up fab building in the US, third fab to begin construction this year Ex-Intel CEO Gelsinger warns TSMC's $165B investment will not restore U.S. semiconductor leadership Tom's Hardware is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Contact Future's experts Privacy policy Cookies policy Accessibility Statement Advertise with us About Us Coupons Careers © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.